<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="t_operating">
    <title>Assembling the <keyword keyref="company"/>
        <keyword keyref="product"/></title>
    <shortdesc>Your <keyword keyref="product"/> will have the Drip Tray and Water Tank in place when
        you unpack it from the box. Other elements will be provided in foam packaging and require
        manual assembly.</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove the Drip Tray and Water Tank and wash all parts and accessories.</cmd>
                <info>Use warm, soapy water using a non-abrasive washing liquid. Rinse and dry
                    thoroughly</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Insert the Storage Tray into the base of the machine and slide in towards the
                    back wall.</cmd>
                <info>This is a convenient location to store spare filters and other maintenance
                    equipment like <keyword keyref="company"/>-compatible filter cleaning
                    fluid.</info>
            </step>
            <step product="product1">
                <!--KW100-->
                <cmd>Slide the Drip Tray, with the Drip Tray Full Indicator and Grid in place, into
                    the base of the machine and in front of the Storage Tray.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step product="product2">
                <!--KW200-->
                <cmd>Slide the Drip Tray, with the Drip Tray Full Indicator and each of its two
                    Grids in place, into the base of the machine and in front of the Storage
                    Tray.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Slide the Water Tank over the Drip Tray and into the front opening of the
                    machine and into position above the Storage Tray</cmd>
                <info>Ensure the Water Tank aligns flush with the sides of the machine.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
        <postreq id="postreq_dfv_cgf_cpb">Before first use we strongly recommend to perform two
            complete water brewing operations (without ground coffee), to ensure that all internal
            piping has been preheated.</postreq>
    </taskbody>
</task>
