<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="Untitled">
    <title><b>Assembling Kawonator espresso machines</b></title>
    <shortdesc>Assembling of the coffee machine</shortdesc>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>Your <keyword keyref="product"/> machine will have the Drip Tray and Water Tank in
                place when you unpack it from the box. Other elements will be provided in foam
                packaging and require manual assembly.</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd>Remove the drip tray and Water Tank and wash all parts and accessories in warm,
                    soapy water using a non-abrasive washing liquid. Rinse and dry thoroughly.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Insert the storage tray into the base of the machine and slide in towards the
                    back wall. This is a convenient location to store spare filters and other
                    maintenance equipment like Kawonator-compatible filter cleaning fluid. </cmd>
            </step>
            <step product="product1">
                <cmd>Slide the Drip Tray, with the Drip Tray Full Indicator and Grid in place, into
                    the base of the machine and in front of the Storage Tray.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step product="product2">
                <cmd>Slide the Drip Tray, with the Drip Tray Full Indicator and each of its two
                    Grids in place, into the base of the machine and in front of the Storage
                    Tray.</cmd>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd>Slide the Water Tank over the Drip Tray and into the front opening of the
                    machine and into position above the Storage Tray. Ensure the Water Tank aligns
                    flush with the sides of the machine.</cmd>
                
            </step>
        </steps>
        <example id="example_gyr_xsj_cpb">
            <note id="note_q2l_ysj_cpb">Before first use we strongly recommend to perform two
                complete water brewing operation (without ground coffee), to ensure that all
                internal piping has been preheated.</note>
        </example>
    </taskbody>
</task>
